welcome to my class on imitating Robert
DeNiro the first step is to always
contort your face like you just heard
your grandma fart good good what good is
this
all you have to do in your life you
write these kind of things whoever wrote
this
there are now two things visible from
space the Great Wall of China Robert De
Niro's more it looks like a wrinkled
potato you die you worthless piece you
die you worthless worthless pieces
because you probably are a worthless
piece you feel that way about you
yourself so you nose and she looks like
Robert De Niro it's such a shame you're
too old to be making gangster movies
still dude needs to start playing
grandfather roles or something yeah I am
playing grandfather roles and pretty
soon I'll be playing great-grandfather
roles you Robert De Niro is not a good
fellow he is a POS piece if you know
what you can do you can suck my thumb
bag
if that gross ratty old man George
Clooney can find a girl you regular
fellas out there that Twitterverse must
be drowning in